this video is sponsored by loot crate
stick around until the end to find out
more this week we did another streaming
adventure on Twitch this time it was in
the spirit of Halloween which I thought
was just one day but apparently it's the
whole of October Halloween the time of
the year where we dress up our toddlers
and pets as pop culture icons and and
run around and frightening get-ups such
as sexy minion ostrich rider and box
anyway let's move on shall we
the first question I asked was where
where where the spookiness gonna happen
I gave you two options and you chose
office building the spookiest of places
I asked you what kind of gender you
wanted to play but you know I wanted to
be open-minded so I gave you a male
female or other of course that was a
mistake because you chose penguin and so
after penguin we went for what's the
penguin doing at the office like what
was he doing there
and you say it shows health inspector
his name is Jen's that's Jen's with a
question mark Jen's and Jen's is that
the office really late like he's there
during the night and why is he there
during the night that's because he was
hiding from seals so there we go
Jen's the inspector he checks the
rejection book spaces for penguin
friendliness and he was hiding from
seals all day so that's why that the
office really late so here's Jen's Jen's
is at an office called seals of approval
he stands in front of the reception desk
there's no one there just the way he
likes it and he sees three doors and a
window decides to look through the
window and inside and sees the body of
the penguin in a pool of blood and he
decides to write report about that
because that's obviously a breach of
policies that's a - that's that's a
that's a negative on the report
obviously so and then after that he goes
into the room he inspects the body and
then body upon turning around it's
missing its face ooh spooky
and then while he's inspecting the body
in Ezard as a silhouette in the window
behind him and it's it's a seal and the
seals looking straight at you the seal
moves moves towards the door now it's
time to think quickly because the seals
coming through the door and he says
I smell dinner and you decided to
distract him by throwing the body as him
and running out of the room in the
hallway you run towards door number
three behind door number three there's a
dining area as a big table with all
kinds of food on it this no dishes and
cutlery and a kind of stuff
Jen's as an inspector obviously it goes
to inspect the food safety of this area
so he opens up the big dome lid dish
thing and that's a dead penguin
underneath there was a cooked penguin
with an apple in the speak with a knife
later speak you sit down and you write a
report that's obviously also a - that's
another another point of criticism on
your report for penguin safety just as
you finish your report there's a banging
door bang bang bang bang it's the seal
it's trying to get in I don't think the
doors locked
doesn't matter you sit down and you act
natural so the seal comes in and uses
sit there as he looks at you and he's
intrigued
he sits across the table from you he
sits down and he opens the dish little
thing and the you cut you a piece of
cooked spangling meat and he sits down
waits you decide to you know take a bite
take it right and write a report about
that you give it four out of five it's
pretty good it's pretty good penguin
meat that's the first time you ever ate
penguin meat but it's pretty good it's
pretty good finger meat it just looks
like and he says well that's that's
pretty metal then Jesus it's
just a one of your own kind
that's say hey you want to hang out with
us you're pretty cool
you tell em us now sorry I already have
a boyfriend now the question is was
actually the first time he ate penguin
meat hey get it I might have to cut that
out then you say but if I have a I have
a question I have a challenge for you
mister seal how about you each one of
your own kind just like I did so the
seals the seal he thinks about it he
doesn't want to be a played by a penguin
and also seals are just absolute
assholes so he says yeah that's all
except chance let's do this
let's go and you follow the seal to the
office building and you arrive at a Edit
workspace and inside this is seal
working behind a computer
doing an old seal taxes I don't know and
he's in the seals the seal next to you
says that's my least favorite colleague
I would eat him
how we gonna kill him you tell him he's
throw me like a spear
so he throw you like sphere ad at the
other seal he's a good thrower and is
you little your little beak a little
beak like punctures the seals jugular
and he bleeds out on the floor he both
standing over his body you you with your
big steel covered in blood and the seal
asks you hey how do we prepare him and
you tell him how about you put in a
microwave so you put some you cut some
meat up from the seal and you put in a
microwave and out comes this steaming
pile of seal meat and the seal takes a
bite and he's like that's a bit dry I
mean you put in a microwave guys it's
not no it's not the proper way to cook
something you know I prefer I prefer
Barrow meats over over seal meat it's
just how is and then he looks at you
with hungry hungry eyes and you decide
to not do anything you just stand there
and the seal seizes his opportunity and
lunges at you and swallows you whole
he looks satisfied with his belly full
of penguin but then suddenly slashing
slash you cut your way out of these the
stomach of the seal because you are
you're a health inspector you're a
penguin health inspector you are used to
this kind of work this is not your first
rodeo if you know what I mean you said
triumphantly on the dead body of the
seal you just slayed and you finish your
report and you give it a one out of five
as a one out of five I give a few
options you know why why is the one out
of five and I listed a few things but
you said all of the above so it's
personnel personnel terrible here at
this office they try to eat you there's
a - and the food doesn't meet the
standards at all here so yeah that's the
end of Vergennes inspection at seals of
approval so I hope you like that we do
our best to stream every week on
wednesday.mostly sometimes on Thursday
on twitch.tv slash for barians
now onto something different hello
everybody
hey guys um we've got a little grade you
can look right yes
great it's it's the anime look great oh
this video is sponsored by afraid I
think this box is the damn
a human yes some damning human box of
October it says on the back but I'm not
sure just a weird little prints on it so
I don't know it's a black box it's nice
and we got to open it for you guys see
what's inside
for you guys my bro no blow here we'll
put a coat that you can use without air
put it here that's faith
um and you will support us a lot by and
if you wanna like get a look great and
support us same time and use the code
for 10% off tips and off and you support
us
yeah ok great alright so when you got
here Oh money shot
whoa wow we go out a little thick it's
one thing it's more things
ok this box so we got what we got
usually what do you think this anime is
about I think it's about him that is
like weird demons and this young humans
and he is somewhere in between and that
helps helps him because he is huge part
of the demon is a demon hunter demon
hunter that's what sin does it actually
wants it like he is actually once it was
about to hunt him but then she discovers
that he's only half a demon it's bleach
boys bleach box um it has says here
warning choking hazard so something you
can choke on so it's good to know it's
it's a wash oh oh damn oh man
Chilean singer wisely if you like
glitch and I use a cool watch you know
yeah I know this one get out is this one
is actually about a half a demon man to
say that is gold again uh Tokyo ghoul
Tokyo you oh yeah ah Dellums see true
classic he thing but I said that the
little button things suggest it has feet
and it does have feet that's a Steven
Steven Steven universe that's that's
obviously that's a girl maybe this one
point man what was rare there is no one
wow this is really the foolish boy
okay that's that's amazing
that's awesome that's pretty cool I
guess he's also demi-human he's great
yeah yeah kind of my humans in there as
well
didn't any oh that's esteem so DVD you
Timmy you supposed I supposed to
goodness this goody-goody Jun because
just this is just late okay no boy
Bushman bishop in the bucket in all
Kunekune you can I think this is
something this is just oh it's just just
promotional okay now we're gonna make a
story about it so she's a half-demon
after demon world off demon angel she's
there's a world of angels and demons and
Jeff have I even half angel yeah this is
black wins and that's this is her dog
and she just threw her ball to play with
yes yeah it's a great fetch with a demon
dog bulb and that's that's actually the
first 10 episodes are her playing fetch
with demon dog it's gets really stale
after a while it's a oh it's bring your
mas in your face in your phone but you
put it in your phone you can show people
this life here oh yeah that's the
different Japanese thing I just put my
headphones in there though
Martin doesn't get the logic oh yeah
what is what is the point with us
so are gonna rock paper scissors who
gets the manga oh yeah I want okay just
bring it out a good right now did you
guys say rock paper scissors
I think you mean the Japanese would bomb
yeah
that's down camp on okay you ready John
can Pollux cool thanks
Oh word you can get this loot crate it
is a sale exact loot crate's exact loot
crate I'll just cool with this or if you
order before for 2727 just do it on the
26 and 27
yeah before something 9 p.m. just before
sunset happens for 227 you wanted event
yes and use the pic variance code
yeah very set up on Tyson's face yeah
untie his face our code don't do your
fingers like I'll see anyone
sorry in the temperature Knopf helps us
about it helps us out as well Elsa
gentle out yeah yeah for us to make more
animations and it helps you out by
getting an amazed
sweet yeah that's it for the week right
yep bye bye thanks for watchin good idea